"12 a.m. is wrong and confusing."
"12 p.m. is wrong and confusing."
"A group of "alligators" is called a "congregation""
"A group of "antelopes" is called a "herd""
"A group of "baboons" is called a "troop""
"A group of "badgers" is called a "cete""
"A group of "bats" is called a "colony""
"A group of "bears" is called a "sloth""
"A group of "buffalo" is called a "herd""
"A group of "bullfinches" is called a "bellowing""
"A group of "caribou" is called a "herd""
"A group of "caterpillars" is called a "army""
"A group of "cats" is called a "glaring""
"A group of "cockroaches" is called a "intrusion""
"A group of "coyotes" is called a "pack""
"A group of "crows" is called a "murder""
"A group of "dogs" is called a "pack""
"A group of "eagles" is called a "convocation""
"A group of "emus" is called a "mob""
"A group of "flamingos" is called a "stand""
"A group of "frogs" is called a "army""
"A group of "goldfinches" is called a "charm""
"A group of "gorillas" is called a "band""
"A group of "guineafowl" is called a "rasp""
"A group of "hedgehogs" is called a "array""
"A group of "herons" is called a "siege""
"A group of "hogs" is called a "parcel""
"A group of "hyenas" is called a "cackle""
"A group of "ibex" is called a "herd""
"A group of "iguanas" is called a "mess""
"A group of "lions" is called a "pride""
"A group of "locusts" is called a "plague""
"A group of "mackerel" is called a "shoal""
"A group of "mares" is called a "stud""
"A group of "minnows" is called a "shoal""
"A group of "moose" is called a "herd""
"A group of "mosquitoes" is called a "scourge""
"A group of "nightingales" is called a "watch""
"A group of "oysters" is called a "bed""
"A group of "partridges" is called a "covey""
"A group of "pelicans" is called a "pod""
"A group of "raccoons" is called a "gaze""
"A group of "ravens" is called a "unkindness""
"A group of "rhinoceroses" is called a "crash""
"A group of "sea urchins" is called a "sea""
"A group of "starlings" is called a "murmuration""
"A group of "toads" is called a "knot""
"A group of "wombats" is called a "wisdom""
"A group of "woodcocks" is called a "fall""
"A group of "woodpeckers" is called a "descent""
"A group of "wrens" is called a "herd""
"A term created and used by far-right extremists to oppose nondiscrimination laws that protect transgender people"
"Addiction is a neurobiological disease."
"Alcoholism is a neurobiological disease."
"Alternative Word required"
"Are you kidding! Why would you type this!"
"Assigned birth gender is complicated, gender identity is more than what your parents decided you were at birth"
"Assumes a person with schizophrenia experiences a reduced quality of life."
"Assumes that a person with a disability has a reduced quality of life."
"Assumes that a person with an intellectual disability has a reduced quality of life."
"Assumes/implies that a person with a disability is deficient or inferior to others. When possible, specify the functional ability or its restriction."
"At least you should use the proper form."
"Attempted suicide should not be depicted as a failure"
"Avoid casually using this term, which refers to traditional indigenous celebration ceremonies that were banned by genocidal laws in the United States and Canada — Native people died fighting for this right."
"Avoid labeling something as LGBTQ+ unless you would call the same thing “straight”"
"Avoid overemphasizing surgery when discussing transgender people or the process of transition - it’s not a necessary component"
"Avoid using `bugreport`, as the word `bugre` is a slur in Brazilian Portuguese"
"Avoid using outdated / offensive terms"
"Avoid using phrases referring to colonial stereotypes regarding Native Americans."
"Avoid using phrases referring to colonial stereotypes regarding indigenous peoples."
"Avoid using phrases referring to racist United States “Jim Crow” laws."
"Avoid using phrases referring to the genocidal United States “Indian Removal” laws."
"Avoid using phrases that implicitly mock people with limited knowledge of the English language."
"Avoid using slang shorthand"
"Avoid using terms that implies colonialism/genocide against Indigenous peoples"
"Avoid using terms that imply a group has not changed over time and that they are inferior"
"Avoid using terms that make some groups sound inferior"
"Avoid using terms that make some groups sound inferior. Replace “sophisticated” with a neutral term such as “complex”"
"Avoid using terms that relate to gun violence."
"Avoid using the term `master`, these suggestions are for the computer term, but there are better alternatives for other cases"
"Avoid using the term `slave`, these suggestions are for the computer term"
"Avoid using the term `slave`, these suggestions are for the computer term, but there are better alternatives for other cases"
"Be More specific"
"Be more specific"
"Binge might be insensitive towards folks with eating or drinking disorders"
"Can imply that people with disabilities lack the ability to use their bodies well. Sometimes `typical` can be used."
"Committing suicide is not successful/unsuccessful, that sends the wrong message"
"Derogatory terms for LGBTQ+ people are offensive"
"Describe the behavior or illness without derogatory words."
"Do you really want to use this word?"
"Don't say this."
"Don't use Euphemisms"
"Don't use Idioms"
"Don't use Jargon. Replace it with something more standard."
"Don't use this word"
"Dumb here is used in 2 different contexts , the inability to talk or as a curse word."
"Emotion Word"
"Emotional Word Detected"
"Euphemisms for disabilities can be infantilizing."
"Filler Word Detected"
"Filler Words"
"Filler word"
"Filler word. Not everything is as easy as you might think. And if it isn’t easy for the reader, it can hurt."
"First Person Plural Word Detected"
"First Person Singular Word Detected"
"Gendered Word Detected"
"Gypsy is insensitive, use Roma or Romani. They’re not Egyptian as the name suggests."
"Homosexual has a clinical history and is used to imply LGBTQ+ people are diseased or psychologically/emotionally disordered"
"Hyphenate words"
"If it’s self-evident then maybe you don’t need to describe it. If it isn’t, don’t say it."
"Implies that being LGBTQ+ is a choice"
"Indirect Word Detected"
"It's French"
"It's German"
"It's Portuguese"
"It's Spanish"
"It's Swedish"
"It's a Proper Noun"
"It's better to promote Harmony"
"It’s probably not that basic. If you’re going to explain a confusing previous sentence with a clearer next sentence, why not drop the former and only use the latter?"
"It’s probably not that easy. Even if it is, you probably don’t need to specifically say it."
"It’s probably not that simple. Even if it is, you probably don’t need to specifically say it"
"It’s probably not that straight forward. Even if it is, you probably don’t need to specifically say it."
"LGBTQ+ rights are human rights"
"Latin Word Detected"
"Multiple Idea Word Detected"
"Negative Word Detected"
"No. Just no. Don't say this"
"Not everything is as obvious as you might think. And if it isn’t obvious to the reader, it can hurt."
"Omit needless words"
"Only use terms describing mental illness when referring to a professionally diagnosed medical condition."
"Passive Word Detected"
"Preferred pronoun sounds like it is optional to use someone's correct pronoun"
"Redundant word"
"Refer to a person's condition as a state, not as an affliction."
"Refer to the person, rather than the condition, first."
"Refer to the person, rather than the disability, first."
"Refer to the specific disability."
"Replace - with – "
"Replace ... with .... "
"Replace racially-charged language with more accurate and inclusive words"
"Shift focus away from the assigned sex and towards the identified gender"
"Sometimes it's cleft lip or palate, not both. Specify when possible."
"There is a word for that"
"These are Pronouns: Names, places, and companies"
"These terms are stigmatizing to patients and their families because intersex status is more complicated than the mere presence or absence of certain gonadal tissues"
"This LGBTQ Term is offensive term"
"This is a French loanword"
"This is a German loanword"
"This is a Grammar rule"
"This is a Needless variant"
"This is a Portuguese loanword"
"This is a Spanish loanword"
"This is a Swedish loanword"
"This is a modifier"
"This is a term used by anti-transgender activists to dehumanize transgender people and reduce who they are to a condition"
"This is an Obsolete word"
"This is an oxymoron"
"This is just wrong of Misc reasons"
"This is not a word"
"This is on the List of words to avoid, specifically in education writing."
"This is the correct format"
"This is the correct spelling"
"This is the prefered cultural reference"
"This phrase is Hedging. Just say it."
"This phrase is redundant"
"This statement is illogic"
"This structure contains addtional Verbosity"
"This term has a clinical history and is used to imply LGBTQ+ people are diseased or psychologically/emotionally disordered"
"This word dehumanizes transgender people"
"This words Hyphenation is wrong"
"Transgender is already an adjective"
"Transgender should be used as an adjective, not as a noun"
"Unconcious Bias Detected"
"Use the correct Accents"
"Use the correct Plurals"
"Use the correct Tense"
"Use the correct spelling"
"Use this form, it's better. Trust me."
"Used by anti-LGBTQ+ extremists to create a climate of fear around LGBTQ+ issues"
"Using gender neutral language means users will help to break up gender stereotypes"
"Using gender neutral language means users will help to break up gender stereotypes."
"Using sensational words can cause copycat suicides or contagion"
"Weasel Word Detected"
"When describing a mathematical or programmatic value, using the phrase “sanity check” needlessly invokes the topic of mental health.  Consider using simply “check”, or a domain-specific or neutral term, instead."
"When describing a mathematical or programmatic value, using the word “sane” needlessly invokes the topic of mental health.  Consider using a domain-specific or neutral term instead."
"When describing the behavior of computer software, using the word “hanged” needlessly invokes the topic of death by self-harm or lynching.  Consider using the word “froze” or the phrase “stopped responding to events” or “became unresponsive” instead."
"When possible, ask the person what they prefer."
"When possible, use the exact discipline of sport."
"Whenever possible, try to be gender inclusive."
"Why..."
"mAt least you should use the proper form."
"this is the correct format"
message
